Add ERC: Content encoding in ERC-5219 mode Web3 URL (#246)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7618.md

By specifying a list of supported compression algorithms, optionally doing the decompression at the protocol side and serving the data to the client, we can safely store compressed data and serve it.

## Specification

In the [ERC-6944](./eip-6944.md) resolve mode, this standard indicates that if a ``Content-Encoding`` HTTP header (in the returned `headers` `KeyValue` array of the `request()` method) is provided, and if it is not part of the supported algorithms provided by the client in the ``Accept-Encoding`` header, or the client did not provide an ``Accept-Encoding`` header, then the protocol MUST decode the content before forwarding it to the `web3://` client.

> The protocol MUST support the following content encodings: `gzip`, `br` (brotli). If the protocol is to decode the content, and if the advertized ``Content-encoding`` is not part of this list, an error indicating an unsupported content encoding MUST be sent to the client. Once decoded, the decompressed data is sent to the client. The ``Content-Encoding`` header MUST NOT be forwarded to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protocol MUST support the following content encodings: `gzip`, `br` (brotli). If the protocol is to decode the content, and if the advertized ``Content-encoding`` is not part of this list, an error indicating an unsupported content encoding MUST be sent to the client. Once decoded, the decompressed data is sent to the client. The ``Content-Encoding`` header MUST NOT be forwarded to the client when the protocol decodes the content.
```

---

## Abstract

In the context of the [ERC-6860](./eip-6860.md) `web3://` standard, this ERC extends the [ERC-6944](./eip-6944.md) resolve mode: This standard specify that if a `Content-Encoding` header is returned by the `request()` call, then the returned data is decoded according to the specified algorithm before being returned to the client.

## Motivation

As storage in blockchains is expensive, it is optimal to try to store and serve compressed assets. Standard HTTP use the `Accept-Encoding`/`Content-Encoding` mechanism, in which the client specify their supported compression algorithms, and the server returns the data compressed in one of them. It is not optimal to replicate this mechanism in the `web3://` protocol, due to blockchain storage and computation constraints. Moreover, it is not possible to directly serve content with a `Content-Encoding` header, because we cannot know if the HTTP client implements the compression algorithm.

By specifying a list of supported compression algorithms, doing the decompression at the protocol side and serving the decompressed data to the client, we can safely store compressed data and serve it.

## Specification

> In the [ERC-6944](./eip-6944.md) resolve mode, this standard indicates that if a ``Content-encoding`` HTTP header (in the `headers` `KeyValue` array of the `request()` method) is provided, then the protocol will attempt to decode the content before forwarding it to the `web3://` client.

Reviewer: Please be consistent with the case of `Content-Encoding`.

> This standard indicate the list of supported content encodings: `gzip`, `br` (brotli). If the advertized ``Content-encoding`` is not part of this list, an error indicating an unsupported content encoding will be sent to the client.

Reviewer: Could you word this more like a requirement?

```suggestion
Gateways supporting this protocol MUST support at minimum `gzip` and `br` (brotli). Gateways MAY support additional encodings. If a gateway does not support the advertised encoding, it MUST return an error to the client.
```
